📖  Adds general overview of CAPRKE2 (#241)
rancher/turtles-docs: docs/next/modules/en/pages/reference/CAPRKE2.adoc

= Cluster API Provider RKE2

== What is Cluster API Provider RKE2?

The link:https://cluster-api.sigs.k8s.io/[Cluster API] brings declarative, Kubernetes-style APIs to cluster creation, configuration and management.

> Cluster API Provider RKE2 (CAPRKE2) is a combination of 2 provider types, a Cluster API Control Plane Provider for provisioning Kubernetes control plane nodes and a Cluster API Bootstrap Provider for bootstrapping Kubernetes on a machine where link:https://docs.rke2.io/[RKE2] is used as the Kubernetes distro.

Author: Yes, it's redundant, and I mentioned it already https://github.com/rancher/turtles-docs/pull/241#discussion_r1979392779. I needed inputs as to what needs to be added because CAPRKE2 already has its own docs website.

== Learn more

> To learn more about CAPRKE2, visit its dedicated documentation link:https://caprke2.docs.rancher.com/[website].

Author: This is a copy-paste of the introductory paragraph on CAPRKE2 website. I am not sure how much we want to add to the Turtles docs in terms of "general overview of CAPRKE2". Hence, the PR is a Draft.

@rancher/highlander please suggest what would be good to be added here.

> To learn more about CAPRKE2, visit its dedicated documentation link:https://caprke2.docs.rancher.com/[website].

Reviewer: You can move over this sentence to glossary where we have CAPRKE2 and put it there and that should be fine to close the ticket :)
```suggestion
For detailed information on CAPRKE2, check out its documentation https://caprke2.docs.rancher.com[here].
```

Author: Done.
